cloud: add limited-sql-features-tidb-x.md (#23151)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features-tidb-x.md

| `SHOW BACKUP META` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `RECOVER TABLE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ADMIN RESET TELEMETRY_ID` | Supported | Telemetry is not supported on {{{ .starter }}} or {{{ .essential }}}. |
| `ADMIN SHOW TELEMETRY` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `ADMIN SHOW SLOW` | Not supported [^5] | Not supported [^5] |
| `ADMIN PLUGINS ENABLE` | Not supported [^8] | Not supported [^8] |
| `ADMIN PLUGINS DISABLE` | Not supported [^8] | Not supported [^8] |
| `ADMIN SET BDR ROLE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ADMIN SHOW BDR ROLE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ADMIN UNSET BDR ROLE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ADMIN REPAIR TABLE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ALTER INSTANCE` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `ALTER INSTANCE RELOAD TLS` | Not supported | {{{ .starter }}} and {{{ .essential }}} automatically refresh the TLS certificate. |
| `ALTER TABLE ... ATTRIBUTES` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `CHANGE DRAINER` | Not supported [^7] | Not supported [^7] |
| `CHANGE PUMP` | Not supported [^7] | Not supported [^7] |
| `FLASHBACK CLUSTER` | Not supported [^3] | Not supported [^3] |

> | `IMPORT INTO` | Supported. Blocks `IMPORT INTO` from a local file path. Blocks `IMPORT INTO` statements that use an S3 `EXTERNAL_ID`. | Not supported |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IMPORT INTO` | Supported, but blocks IMPORT INTO statements that use a local file path or an S3 EXTERNAL_ID. | Not supported |
```

| `LOAD DATA INFILE` | Blocks `LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE` from a local file path. | Only supports `LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE` |
| `LOAD STATS` | Not supported | Not supported |
| `SELECT ... INTO OUTFILE` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `SET CONFIG` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `SHOW CONFIG` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `SHOW DRAINER STATUS` | Not supported [^7] | Not supported [^7] |
| `SHOW PLUGINS` | Not supported [^8] | Not supported [^8] |
| `SHOW PUMP STATUS` | Not supported [^7] | Not supported [^7] |
| `SHUTDOWN` | Not supported [^4] | Not supported [^4] |
| `PLAN REPLAYER` | Supported | Supported in a different way[^11] |
| `time_to_live` | Supported | Not supported |

## Functions and operators

| Function and operator | {{{ .premium }}} | {{{ .starter }}} and {{{ .essential }}} |
|:-|:-|:-|

> | `SLEEP` | No Limitation | The [`SLEEP()` function](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/miscellaneous-functions) has a limitation wherein it can only support a maximum sleep time of 300 seconds. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SLEEP` | No limitation | The [`SLEEP()` function](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/miscellaneous-functions) function supports a maximum sleep time of 300 seconds. |
```
